Now, we shift our attention to finance metrics.
When you look at finance metrics,
you're focusing on tracking your performance against your company's financial goals.
How are sales trending against sales goals?
How are sale and marketing lead metrics comparing against acquisitions?
How does revenue compare to the cost?
The following videos provide you with the basic information about financial metrics.
There are entire graduate degrees people take to master financial metrics,
but we offer here an overview of these metrics in a nutshell.
We've provided some additional information below
the videos to give you more information about each metric.
But if you find this interesting,
you should definitely explore career options in finance further.